##Summary

* There is a document in our Google Docs folder which has a list of requrements. We went through the list of possible changes and additions and those that have been dicussed and added to the final report can be found [here](https://github.com/SEP007/resources/blob/master/system-proposals.md)

### Open issues

There are some unanswered quiestions which require clarification from Ana.
* Extendability/modifiability of the requirements list (whether we are allowed to change it in the course of the project and to what extent)
* How much attention should be paid to test modules and components (see the feature list at the link above)

## Agenda

* Next meeting is on Thursday, Septemder 26, 13.00.
* We will continue working on requirements. If you have any new ideas, we will discuss them together.
* We will also continue working on System Overview.
